So is Lucky is a fun one here.
We're going to be taking in a number a ticket number.
We want to find out if it's a lucky number a lucky number is defined as where you can add the first
half of the integers such as 1 2 to equal 3 and 3 zero to equal three if those two halves are equal.
We consider that a lucky number if they are not such as in this instance where this is eight and this
is 14.
It is a unlucky number and thus it's false.
That's the objective here to write a function I'll do it for us the way that I solved it.
I used to String.
Substring split reduce and parsing quite a bit of methods here.
A couple of these I think I may be able to eliminate at second glance but we're going to solve it this
way.
Let's go ahead and dive into it.
All right.
The way that I saw this was I as I take our string our number and I convert it to a string from here
I get the length of that string and then I simply get the first half and I split it up in characters
and I parsed those ints and then I reduce it and then I take the second half.
I do the same thing.
Now at first glance we may be getting some issues because I did this in javascript originally and not
in typescript.
They want us to have types and they are probably not going to like that we're going to try and reduce
a string and parse it as they want but we'll take care of that as we move on.
So first thing we're gonna do is Ram convert into a string.
So we'll just create a cancer and we'll say Lucky lucky n is equal to and to string.
And what we want to do is we want to go ahead and get the halfway point.
That's going to be so that we know what substring that we want from all of this.
And so we're in I say lucky n dot length.
Half is equal to Lucky and length divided by two.
Right that's going to give us our halfway point.
The reason we can do divide by two that the fancy logic is it's in the in the read me if we read a little
bit more down in the details we know that we're always going to get even numbers and we don't have to
fear.
There is no figuring out for odd numbers.
That's not part of this problem.
Next we're going to re-assuring to get the first half of this where we may have to change some of our
logic.
But we're going to take lucky n our string the FIDE number that comes in and get that substring here
starting at 0 to the halfway point and then we're going to get the second half here and I'm going do
this piece by piece second half and we're going to set it equal to lucky n dot substring.
Except now we're getting started at the halfway point and we're going to go all the way for the length
of lucky
lucky and play nice.
So now we have those two substrings from here.
When do you want to split these into a character array.
Boy you're going to cancel that log just so that we can see where we're at right.
Because we're doing a lot of functions.
Well you'll see here we're splitting the first half into a character.
One in two right.
So what we want to do next is we want to use this second one is this section second function call here
just in case anyone's confused.
So now that we've done that well we're going to do is we're going to reduce.
Now I think what's going to happen is we're going to get an error here because you can't reduce strings.
And so when we try to reduce care even though we're going to return parce and you'll see something you
can't do during this happened earlier and another one where we did something like this.
So we're going to do instead is first we're going to map the values here.
We're on a map the we'll just caught char and in here what we want to do is return an array that is
going to return a parsed and version of that char.
So we're in turn this into a number array at this point.
And then we are going to reduce it.
Let's go ahead and wrap that like so just so that we can see.
And we're going to reduce the characters and we'll just call this a and b for the time being.
And actually it's you know one of them to no one to a little bit more descriptive and in here we're
just going to return.
No.
1 plus 2.
And so now you'll see we're getting our numbers 7 4.
So we're going to do the exact same thing that we just did to the second string here.
So much so that we can just take it like this and this would actually be that be a good time whenever
you're duplicating logic.
Timed right a function.
So it's going to write a function real quick where we say we'll call we'll just call it total.
And this is going to take in a.
What we want this taken we've taken a scale taken a string and it's going to take a string bean.
So taken
and which is a string I don't have any good names coming up right now so.
And then we're gonna call this half way point which will be a number and all we're going to do is take
this logic here.
That's right here and we're going to instead say return.
And so strange too.
And it's actually just call this half.
Very nice.
And on first half we're just to say get total we're going to pass and we're going to pass in the street
which is lucky then and then we're going to pass in half.
Excellent.
And oh you know what I we're going to slightly modify this because I forgot that we are switching these
variables which is fine.
So instead of just passing and half we'll take this out and we'll pass in just a string.
We'll get rid of the substring here.
We'll take care of that logic ourselves on Lucky and we'll say lucky in this half dot substring.
The zero on the half
marry up and we're just going to go ahead and do the same for the second half here just a little bit
of refactoring like we did a second ago and this is just really good.
Total wham them and delete that.
Very nice.
All right.
Now we have our two substrings and we're going to repeat our logic.
We do it all here in this get toll function it's much cleaner it's much better.
In theory this would be a you know we're not we haven't really talked about access modifiers but this
would be a public function.
And in time for us to do something like public is lucky and this would be a private function.
We don't need to worry about that since these aren't technically classes.
But if we're doing like class stuff this would be a private function that our public function consumes
and all we have to do now is we're going to do a check.
Hey is our first half total equals equal to our second half
if it is true go return true if it's not returned false.
So I clean up my code I did ternary here like a fool.
Is just returning true or false.
But that's pretty much it.
At the end of the day just go over a logic grow quickly convert the end to a string then get the halfway
point to know where we're going to get the substring value.
And our function here we then convert it to an array of characters which then get mapped to an array
of integers which then gets reduced to a single integer and then we do the same for the second half
and then we compare the two to find out if it is in fact a lucky number.